hi this is your the mushroom zenki 2.0
and today I'll be unboxing the Avengers
age of Ultron Marvel's Hawkeye vs. sub
Ultron 0:04 mace of the age of Ultron
movie so we can see an affectional very
nice with kind of a black and a red
color he's based off the movie once
again bTW Avengers in the shot there now
this is basically kind of in it's kind
of like a small series but the cool
thing about this is that obviously
everyone is to back it's about two
inches and for cheap press about $9.99
granted it might be a little bit but um
it's still nice to click it's being a
collection I believe when you collect
all of the figures from this series you
will be able to build a giant and build
a figure which should be about a few
inches tall as we can see only a few
inches you can see it's a kind of like a
dark purplish color kind of like how the
colors are and some giant build a figure
so you can see a shot of Hawkeye and the
other one and yeah so it looks very nice
we'll be opening the packaging showing
off the articulation and the detail of
both of the figures so without any more
hesitation let's begin now so you can
see we have everything out of the box
and start off with the some Ultron now
each one is just really you just really
have build upon five cards and only off
how to so as we can see let me just move
click pardon out of the way so as we can
see there is a small peg hole here and
you to the circle right here know if you
get the other side with flavor you can
see there's also a peg hole here now you
don't put it in the square thing the
square thing is the triangle thing is
where you build the giant figure after
so you would just push this on next put
the blue and of course on it
and then after the figures there now for
the arms there yeah there's a little
hole here this for the peg hole on each
of the side now the same thing you would
do it you would push it on as simple as
this okay there we go
now push down and same for the other arm
you just push it on and band you've got
yourself a sub Ultron and we'll be
moving on to detail and articulation in
about a second so the detail for this
figure it looks pretty nice against a
transparent purple and some metallic
paint on it with some blue eyes now for
articulation wise I don't know what to
call this but the rollers on the bottom
don't really move at all just really
just for display it doesn't look nice
there is some without think on the back
the transparent purple looks nice you're
also able to move the arms so no like a
so the Letran wants to give you a hug
make the hug it won't destroy you
but Tamiya the arms have 360
articulation the head has 0 untick
ulation which is fine but so I don't
know why they couldn't do it but it is 2
inches so I don't speck too much from it
rock I figure in just second I just want
to make sure they can stand just give me
a second here yeah there we go so as we
can see there is some detail on the coat
that we can see didn't see kind of some
black and some red paint and on the
other side you can see there's where his
bows are in the back of it and he can go
right here and for articulation wise and
head have some articulation you can kind
of see you can kind of move it I knew it
all the way the arms also articulation
not so much but you know it's a little
bit other armors articulation and for
the legs the legs can not move back and
the reason why is because he has a small
cap on here but
the legs can only really move front and
you kind of make them sit down but I
can't really move that back and yeah
slow film and that really is it for this
review now if you don't know for
recommendations you can pick it up if
you want
it's her a cheap price so you know but
if you want if you want to get to
collect the figure in bill deck you can
but done anyways has been around money
review
so anyways don't like this video you can
like it if you want saver fairy chair
chair no obligation your side thanks for
watching and I hope you enjoyed this
review as much as I did